{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Peter Kusalik}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21020\viewh18820\viewkind1\viewscale160
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs18 \cf0 \uc0\u8232 For your questaions:\u8232 1.just confirming that the code reads a PDB format file? and assumes the configuration contains only water molecules?\u8232 \'a0\'a0A: This code read a lammpstrj file, I think it will be easier to change it to read PDB file (a part of code to read PDB file is attached). Yes, it contains only water molecules.\u8232 \u8232 2. does it take into account periodic boundary conditions (when determining connectedness?\u8232 \'a0\'a0A: Yes, PBC is considered, I used mindist() to account PBC.\u8232 \u8232 3.the code has several #include files; is anything important missing? how are \'93ice molecules\'94 relevant here?\u8232 \'a0\'a0A: I am sorry I didnot send you the included file as attached. the ice molecules are actually labled by CHILL+ algorithm.\u8232 \u8232 4. I assume at the end, the code will have: a list of all clusters founds, and the indices of the molecules that are part of each cluster?\u8232 \'a0\'a0A: This code only output the largest cluster and its component, but it is easy to output all the interested clusters.\u8232 \u8232 5. I\'92m not sure in understand the relevance of the reference you attached (which focuses on clustering based on the minimization of a function, whereas we are currently interested in clustering based on connectedness). \'a0Or have I missed something?\u8232 \'a0\'a0A: our code is quite different from the reference, but I absorbed the thoughts of that reference: that is\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a01).Treat each water as a cluster.\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a02).Travers all the cluster pairs i-j based on distance, if they are connected, Merage those clusters.\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a03).Iterating until the clusters cannot be merged at all.\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a04).Rank the clusters with size.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \
}